Welcome to the Breakdown Where We Breakdown
All The Messed Up Shit!
Okay cut the beat cut the beat I gotta something
to say so put on some happy lets player shit!
Okay, so I was just chilling one day, probably
editing, and I got a nice message from another
YouTuber named WTvF!
Digital Grindhouse & Drive-In, and he asked
me if I would like to check out one of the
many movies that he has uploaded.
Well I was like hell yes!
So After checking through many exploitation
films that he was kind to upload, I chose
to show y'all a late 70s killing flick called
the Driller Killer.
This film is about a painter who succumbs
to the absolute needs of drillin' hobos.
If you want to see what happens and see all
the most disturbed parts, courtesy of WTvF,
then stay tuned for the breakdown!
The movie starts off with a dreadful title
screen and we then see some long curly haired
weirdo named Reno.
He kinda reminds me of Richard Chase for some
reason, staring weirdly at this bearded guy
praying but gets spooked away by his touched.
Well, Reno leaves with his girl Carol, and
we can tell just by this back seat conversation
that Reno really dislikes bums, or at least
doesn't want to be one.
The next morning starts off with this umm,
kinda silly girl named Pamela trying to drill
in the wall, and Reno takes the reigns.
We then see that the three tenants all live
in the same apartment, and they just got their
rent due, including other living invoices.
It seems that Reno is going to have to sell
one of his artworks to not become a bum, kinda
like the kind of bums we see him observing
in these cutaways.
Later, Rino visits an art gallery owner, asking
for one week to finish his painting and 500
dollars to stay in his apartment, and not
surprisingly, the art gallery owner says hell
naw!
Then, it seems Reno is fascinated with bums
for some reason, looking towards a park, but
then seeing this guy get stabbed.
I don't know, but maybe Reno wants to kill
him some bums too!
Later, we see Reno arguing with his girl about
his painting, saying she can't judge paintings
because all she knows how to do is..Reno:
Bitch!
Bitch!....
Later we see the gang watching TV, and Reno
gets incredibly interested in this port o
Pack commercial, maybe he's thinking about
doing a little construction.
Later that night while painting, it seems
Reno is getting annoyed at this band still
loudly practicing, so he hallucinates seeing
himself covered in blood and then we see Reno
go up to a hobo hassling him about why he
is on the streets in a disrespectful tone.
He picks him up, but then hides in an alley
from a bunch of angry teens.
Then we see some lesbian action in the showers!
I don't even think I had to mention this,
plus it'll be a nightmare to censor so cut
away quick please!
Then we see Reno complain about the loud band
to the bribed super intendent.
Then he gives Reno a skinned rabbit for dinner.
Reno cuts the organs out of it slicing it
up, but then he uses the knife to stab the
head over and over for no reason at all.
See this what all weirdo serial killers do
before they try to kill.
Then Reno goes to the hardware store, probably
buying what he saw on TV.
Then later, Reno has auditory hallucinations
of his name being called out.
He then sees Carol but she has missing eyes,
eventually snapping out of his delusions.
He then hassles another hobo, but this time
has a drill hidden from view.
He then drills right into the screaming man,
viciously drilling into his chest as blood
leaks everywhere, finally stopping after a
full minute.
Later, the three tenants get ready to to a
club to listen to the same band that annoys
Reno.
At the club, Reno stays away from the club
because of the music, eventually leaving his
two girlfriends behind.
Well, Reno gets his drill, and begins his
reign as the driller killer by killing one
person in a surprise attack all up in their
face.
What a bad way to go.
He then meets a familiar hobo drinking, who
talks to Reno unaware he's about to get drilled.
Not in that way, but Reno does drill the hobo
painfully in the belly, letting him fall before
finishing the job.
Then our driller killer comes across another
crazy hobo, you guys ever seen a homeless
person that's just having a full conversation
with themselves, kinda like this guy?
Well he doesn't ever get to finish that conversation
because Reno drills him through this bus stop
thingie before dipping the spot.
We see Reno killing yet another guy before
running up on this hobo picking up trash.
Then he plays around with this hobo like it
some Tom and Jerry type shit.
He finishes this little game of cat and mouse
by giving him a Agent 47 behind attack! Reno
then comes across a sleeping hobo, drilling
him in the brain in a brutal and long death,
before giving him a goodnight kiss.
What a sick fuck!
Well, with his killing spree over, Reno goes
home where he is visited by a guy named Tony
that is the lead singer of that band.
He examines Reno's masterpieces on the walls,
asking Reno if he could make a portrait of
him.
Reno tells him 500, and they start right away
as Carol talks about the murders that were
committed earlier.
Then we cut to the tenants eating pizza, I
mean looks kinda slimy too me but I'm a southern
boy maybe New Yorkers like it like that back
then.
Reno is all up in that pizza, but boy you
better eat all that damn crust!
Sorry, just transformed into my mamma there.
Well Carol is super grossed out and has really
fell out of love with Reno in general.
I mean if we were being honest I don't see
what is so attractive about him at all.
He looks like a smelly butt!
Stop, but then we see Carol calling her ex
husband named Steven, showing she's about
to leave this crazy ass fuck!
Then we see Reno painting Tony, but then we
see some crazy hobo who is annoyed at the
music that Tony's band is playing.
Like damn I ain't ever seen someone so mad
at music like that, even if it is terrible.
Reno then goes out and drills the hobo by
his hands to some walls.
He watches sadistically, eventually stabbing
the man in the torso leaving him hanging.
Reno returns to the apartment with killing
intent, but calms down and speaks his hot
breath into his roommate faces saying his
buffalo painting is finished.
I bet that breath is hot and stank.
I don't wanna wake up to no dirty ass pizza
breath.
Then we see him present the painting to the
art collector.
The collector talks absolute trash about the
painting, like really just grilling into like
it's a painting of a circle or something.
Reno is dumbfounded and mute, but Carol is
heartbroken and she loses herself in anger
as Reno sitting there not talking.
The next morning, we see Carol is leaving
Reno for her ex husband, forcing him to chase
after her.
She leaves her stuff behind to get away from
Reno, and he screams even after she is long
gone.
Reno then imagines himself talking to Carol
on the phone, then is seen dreaming all bloody.
Looks like Reno has just broken his mind.
Reno calls the art collector to tell him he
has a new painting to show him, really he
must have a plan to kill the art collector.
Well, Reno dresses up in a Driller Killer
outfit, then we see the collector come in
looking for Reno.
Reno comes, looking disturbed with a power
drill.
He walks towards the collector in a iconic
over the shoulder shot, and then kills the
collector as the screen fades.
Then, Pamela comes back home to see the drill
through the door.
She opens it to see the collectors dead body,
before getting subdued by Reno.
We don't know what happened to Pamela to this
day.
Then we cut to Carol who is with her ex husband
and gets ready to take a shower.
Then while Steven is making something to drink,
Reno comes up from behind and drills him deeply,
killing him.
Then, we see Carol getting out of the shower
to dry.
Reno is hiding under the cover and Carol talks
to him thinking that he is Steven.
She climbs in bed, ready to hug up to her
husband, calling his name to come closer,
not knowing that she's about to get drilled!
Well not that way, you know what I mean!
Well, that was a nice little horror movie,
but we're not done yet, lets talk about the
most disturbed moment and most enjoyed moment
in that Spooky Stuff!
Okay lets get right into it, the most disturbed
moment for me was probably the drilling of
that guy's face, I mean it was pretty nasty
to look at.
The most enjoyed moment for me was probably
the ending, just Carol not knowing that she's
about to meet her end was pretty funny.
And that's it, I want to give a shoutout to
WTvF!
Digital Grindhouse & Drive-In for asking me
to break this down and if you guys are ever
just bored one day and want to watch some
movies that I spend time watching for the
channel, check out his channel, look I even
got his logo right here!
So hope you guys enjoyed the video, check
out some more disturbed breakdowns on this
playlist on the right and click on that pretty
SpookyRice logo to subscribe today!
Thanks for 3000 Subscribers, best summer ever!
See ya soon, SpookyRice!